"Alright, let me get this straight."
"A men in a kabuki mask attacked you with an army of miniture flying robbots."
"Microbots!"
"BMax! Tell them!"
"Yes, officer."
"Microbots...?"
"Y-Yeah! He was controlling them telepatically with a neurocranial-transmitter!"
¬-¬
"Come ooon!"
"I am not fast."
"Yeah, no kidding!"
"Go go go go"
"So, 'mister Kabuki' was using... ESP... to attack you and 'balloon man'?"
"I know it sounds crazy."
"Kid. How about we call your parents and get them down here?"
"Whaat?"
"Write your name and number down on this piece of paper and we can- huh?"
"We gotta catch that guy."
"But first..."
"... you're gonna need some upgrades."
"Yees~!"
"A lunatic in a mask just tried to kill us."
"How cool is that? I mean, it's scary obviously, but how cool~!"
"Hey, what's wrong with you?"
"Looooow~ batterieees~"
"You home sweetie?"
"We jumped out of windoooow~"
"Who's that?"
"Ssshhh!"
"We jumped out of windooooooow~"
"Ssshhh~"
"Hairy... BABY!"
"Hairy... baby..."
"I'll show you something beautiful"
"All imploring..."
"...mercy"
"You want to protect the world,"
"but you don´t want it to change "
"You are puppets..."
"entangled in..."
"your threads..."
"THREADS!"
"It's the end..."
"the end of the road we took"
"Nothing lasts forever"
"Now i´m free"
"At last..."
"i broke my threads"
"There has been an awakening..."
"¿Are you felt?"
"The Dark Side..."
"and light"